okay so this is the burden malavita
reflex bindings and through my post on
the snowboarding forum it's kind of hard
to explain what the hell the actual heel
is doing so I called Burton and they
seem to think that this is part of the
tech and the Flex and these bindings so
I'll let you all be the judge specially
anybody trying to get into these things
so from here the heel binding is mounted
and it's the 4 by 4 plate that's in
there so I have the the heel bed popped
up as well so here's the flex so if you
hold the board down and pull the board
you can see the binding flex hopefully
you can see it on this video here so
this is pulling it up so you can see how
much it flexes from the board to the
binding itself or the smaller up disc in
it if you actually come in further you
can see the desk and when you're pulling
up on it just hard to judge it's not
really flexing the disc too much but the
disc does flex a little bit but the
whole base of the binding flexes from
the way it looks like Burton's actually
saying it's a post tail so there's a
pretty good flesh but if you're pulling
up on it with your you know forcing your
hand so you got strapped in to get the
boot here and show to let's go set the
backhand
lean forward as well you can see the
combining flexes but it doesn't feel
like I'm like the findings leaves
towards truth flexed I mean the way it
seems they just supposed to so for all
you guys on the snowboard forums looking
at the reflex bindings hopefully this
kind of shed some light on the reflex
technology I'm looking forward to riding
it still it's just I've never seen a
binding do this so you guys can touch
for yourself how you how you feel